welcome to the men and recaps this is
the Walking Dead Season 9 last season it
was all-out war between Rick and the
good guys and negan and the Savior's the
good guys win so they theoretically live
happily ever after except of course life
is never that simple we got a whole new
season
now back during the war they were
driving around cars willy-nilly and of
course they ran out of gas so now they
are basically just riding on horses on
the way back some zombies show up and
hello this one kid gets himself bit he's
from the hilltop colony where Maggie's
leader now she won the election against
Gregory and like the slimy politician he
is he goes to see the grieving father
who's been sober these 40 years but he
gets him drunk and convinces him to go
try to assassinate Maggie Ajo
unfortunately he's a terrible drunk
assassin so Maggie confronts Gregory and
then he tries to kill her but he's a
terrible assassin so the drunken
blacksmith dries out in jail for a bit
but Gregory has had too many second
chances Mackie hangs him now at the
sanctuary the old Savior compound Ric
let everyone live who surrendered last
time and most of them are pretty good
guys happy for a second chance but some
of them are not and unfortunately crops
just don't grow over there so they've
been relying on food imports from the
hilltop but the bridge that connects all
the communities has finally collapsed so
Ric starts the big construction project
a giant bridge to unite us all but some
of the old Savior's don't play well with
others they are irredeemable dicks so
tensions are high the humans have a good
system in place now for shepherding the
zombie herds away from them but one of
the sirens doesn't go off and the herd
marches right over to the lumber camp
this season has some sweet zombie
killing by the way including Rick
sniping the rope and dropping all the
logs on ammo unfortunately Aaron gets
his arm crushed and they're gonna have
to amputate their best doctors Sadiq
who's had one year of med school and
he's been teaching Enid who has had one
year of high school and unfortunately
she's the only one here right in house
so she's gotta jump straight into the
deep end luckily though she cuts arm off
pretty good but who was in charge of the
missing siren anyway oh it was that dick
from the bridge Daryl wants to kill him
but Rick just banishes him but on his
way out he's grabbed by something Oh
Sheriff Rick promises to find the killer
and bring him to justice so they're out
looking that night and they find the
oceanside girls yeah they're taking
vigilante justice on the savior's that
murder all of the men in their old group
right this Savior chicks like you who
I'm a good guy now I was just following
orders but they're like yo you
as you shot my brother in the face and
it's like oof a difficult moral dilemma
to be sure but Darryl and Maggie are
both on the side of vengeance so they
let these girls kill her
seeing Oceanside take vengeance reminds
Maggie that the killer of her husband
Glenn Meighan it is still alive in
prison Rick gets word Maggie's heading
over to kill him so Darryl offers a
mirage but he misses the turn because he
wants Maggie to kill negan so the time
for best friend bro fight but they go
they fall down into this pit they have
some trouble climbing out but eventually
it's like take my hand brother and it's
the end of Lord of the Rings don't you
let go mr. Frodo Rick's gonna try to
lead the zombie herd away but he turns
the corner oh it's another herd about to
merge the horse kicks him off and oh
he's in bad allowed so in his cell is
the ultimate villain negan he's as much
of a cocky prick as ever but when Mackey
throws him into the light she could see
that the year in jail has really taken a
toll on him he starts crying like hook
I'm so bored just kill me please Maggie
likes this suffering more than killing
him so she throws him back in his cell
anyway Rick is in bad shape but through
sheer force of will he pulls himself up
and gets on the horse rides off he
spends the episode passing out on his
horse and hallucinating friends from the
past like Shane yeah he eventually makes
it to the bridge and the whole game
shows up just in time to save him except
that was a dream - he's very much alone
and the zombie herd is closing in his
friends do eventually get pretty close
but Rick can't let these zombies cross
the bridge luckily there's some dynamite
there so Rick Grimes with the sacrifice
play boom blows up the whole bridge and
himself no Rick and actually Rick
survives but he's found by Jadis the
trash girl now she's had a thing this
season a little romance with father
Gabriel they do it could for him but
she's got a secret she knows about these
helicopters flying around we saw it last
season she was trying to signal one with
negan so she calls him on the
walkie-talkie they're like do you have
an A or a B apparently they'll give her
a ride out of here in exchange for a
prisoner conveniently father Gabriel
followed her so that was a freebie
apparently they want their eight
prisoners to be bit by zombies who knows
what that's about but Gabriel talks her
out of it so she knocks him out and
leave him a note thanks for the sex good
bye so when the helicopters coming for
her pickup she's just gonna try to
hijack it or whatever but who should she
find except
Rick Grimes well that was a freebie she
takes him as a bee so he's not bit but
Rick Grimes is flying off in a
helicopter flying right off the show and
into his own series of Walking Dead
spin-off movies cut to a totally new
group of characters having some zombie
trouble they're saved though by this
badass little girl wait she's got that
hat
yeah that's Judith Grimes Rick's
daughter there's been like a six-year
time jump she takes him back to
Alexandria which is still doing really
well except Michonne is mad all the time
now they have a meeting to see if the
new group can stay there a pretty good
group there's a fat funny one the Deaf
one and the badass night chick but
Michelle's like we don't take new people
anymore not since that incident that
happened during the time jump who
mystery the Judith talks to her like hey
what would Rick do and she's like okay
you guys can't stay here but I'll take
you over to a hilltop maybe they'll let
you stay fing Ezequiel of the kingdom is
trying to host a big fair that would
bring all the communities back together
and Carol by the way has grown her hair
long baller she and the king of n a
romance aren't going since they met and
he offers to marry her with a little
ring but she's like you know that's dumb
it's the zombie apocalypse now they
basically adopted stick kid from last
season he calls a mom and dad and he's a
good kid who really wants to fix up the
place so he's going over to hilltop to
learn from their blacksmith but having
grown up behind the walls of the kingdom
he's pretty naive and falls for this
obvious trap it's a gang of some old
Savior's led by Judge Judd and Carol
know each other from back in the day and
killing the queen would be more trouble
than it's worth so he's just gonna take
some stuff and let them go including
though her wedding ring that she finally
accepted she hands it over no problem
but that night she sneaks in with the
matching gasoline burns them all up Oh
badass Carol still lives they go to
visit the old hermit of the mountains
obi-wan darrell Kenobi apparently he's
been living in the woods by himself for
six years searching for it can also just
enjoy nature one night there'll dog is
in trouble and the kid helps save him so
these two bond adult agrees to go with
him over to hilltop father Gabriel has
been reaching out on a radio trying to
find other communities he wants to put a
booster signal on a nearby tower
but Rosita wants some of that sugar
apparently since Jadis Gabriel's had a
sexual awakening and is now dating the
hottest girl in the zombie apocalypse
she goes out with you
who's grown a full ugly ponytail now and
they're putting the booster signal up
but a herd of zombies come so Eugene's
gotta jump down early breaks his leg so
they do the predator trick cover in mud
hide on the bank but they hear the
zombies whispering to each other what
now over at hilltop Maggie apparently
left to go hang out with Georgie and the
sunglass twins from last season so Jesus
and Tara are running things but Jesus
likes to sneak out and hang with Aaron
he's teaching him kung-fu and one day
they find Rosita like Eugene's still out
there
so in caralyn gang arrive at hilltop
Daryl's immediately recruited to go help
behind Eugene stick boys gonna learn
blacksmithing and he's got a crush on
Enid Karl's old girlfriend but she's in
her 20s now and she likes older guys not
teenagers so he makes friends with the
other teenagers at hilltop and they're a
bad influence make him drink moonshine
and Heath ends up wasted and spends his
first night there in the drunk tank
meanwhile Michonne's on her way with a
new group they stopped by their old camp
and pick up some supplies and she thinks
he's got a weapon but oh it's just a
violin just a violin this is a
Stradivarius original yeah yeah he loves
music
anyway they all get to bond when some
zombies show up these guys apparently
use slingshots alright back in
Alexandria negan is helping Judith with
her homework he seems to be doing a lot
better now refound a purpose in life
when father Gabriel gets word that his
hot girlfriend Rosita's in trouble he's
super distracted and closes the cell but
doesn't lock it seriously Gabriel has a
big problem with closing doors he should
not be allowed near them anymore but in
any case big pad negan is on the loose
once again now the tracking party finds
the big zombie herd but they know how to
deal with that no problem they find
Eugene but he's like you don't
understand these are smart talking
zombies and sure enough they ignored the
alarm clock and I followed him they run
into a cemetery but find themselves
trapped Michonne and crew get there just
in time to help open the gate Jesus is
like go run I'll hold them off and in
case you've forgotten Jesus is an
absolute badass he's kung fu master beat
up all the zombies it's no problem but
what this one dodges and stabs him with
a knife
it is super creepy some more fast knife
Assam bees come and the gang barely
manages to fight them off Jesus is
definitely dead r.i.p and the smart
knife zombie was actually a living human
wearing a zombie face what they're
called the whisperers because they
whisper their masks let them hide among
the zombies using them for protection
and as a weapon our group escapes for
now they run into some more on the way
back and daryl quickly realizes that if
you shoot a zombie in the leg it doesn't
feel pain but if you shoot a human in
the leg yeah it's pretty obvious without
the element of surprise the whispers are
a lot less scary so this last one
surrenders and it's a teenage girl Lydia
they bring her to the hilltop jail and
try to interrogate her but stick kid
Henry is still there from his underage
drinking he's like oh my god a hot girl
my age what are the chances he's to bond
and eventually she opens up that she
really doesn't want to go back cuz the
whispers are creepy AF especially her
mom who's their leader and abuses her
and her mom's on the way to pick her up
it's alpha she has no humanity left when
some zombies come because of babies
crying she's like yo you got abandoned
the baby
luckily deaf girl was out there and
rescues the baby but in any case elf is
like give me my daughter back but
Daryl's like nah but Alpha has some
prisoners of her own so Lydia kisses
Henry goodbye and then they make the
trade alpha immediately smacks her
daughter so tears like yeah that's not
gonna happen
Darrell's planning a rescue mission and
death girl Connie is gonna come with
these to make a fantastic duo by the way
I'm totally shipping it and he goes on
his own rescue mission but immediately
gets caught by the second-in-command
miss giant guy beta Lydia's got to
pretend she doesn't want to be rescued
and house was gonna make her kill Henry
to prove it
luckily just then a bunch of zombies
come in and Daryl whisks him out of
there they go hide in this building and
when beta comes to get him he is a beast
he and Daryl have an epic night fight
but in the end Daryl knocks him down the
elevator shaft ah luckily beta is too
cool of a villain to die this soon he's
totally fine
now we'll fur out the kingdom it's
almost time for the fair they really
need inter-community trade in order to
survive they stopped by a movie theater
to grab a projection bulb hoping to show
him
be at the fair then they have some
trouble with a new group the highwayman
but instead of killing them all it's
like hey you want to come see a movie
with us
then they're like sure so the Highwaymen
join the good guys and become official
Highway Patrol but the big question is
still will Alexandria come to the fair
the Alexandria council is pretty split
some of them are like hey we need to go
help our friends but others especially
Michonne are like no it's too dangerous
we protect our own so it's finally time
for the flashback showing why Michonne
so isolationist now and how they got
these axe scars a few years back
Alexandria was taken in some new
survivors one of them was Michelle's
friend from before the zombie apocalypse
that was super exciting but of course
she stole all their supplies and
kidnapped their kids yeah she's gone
crazy and has built an army of kids who
brand Michonne and Daryl with the axe
Michonne escapes and kills her friend
but these kids are too far gone they all
attack her
Michonne has no choice but to slaughter
them all super emotionally scarring but
she did it all to save Judith Judith in
the present has grown into a wise young
girl she's like Michelle stop being so
annoying we got to protect our friends
so the first annual inter-community fair
is on and Michonne joins the other
communities inciting the inter community
charter that she wrote way back before
Rick disappeared
it's the glorious dawning of a new age
for humanity elsewhere the Faire is a
huge success Lydia and Henry start
dating officially she's welcomed into
the family but fearing a whispers
retaliation they send a bunch of people
to go to fend the hilltop but
unfortunately they are immediately
captured because Alpha was at the fair
in disguise she's like hey you guys are
the main characters so I'm not gonna
kill you I'm just gonna show Daryl this
giant zombie horde my people are
controlling if you guys cross into our
land will unleash it on your communities
and to show that she's serious she marks
the border with heads on pikes
she killed a bunch of minor characters
but there's some bigger characters there
too like the highwayman guy oh he was
super cool gone way too soon and also
Enid who has been around for a long time
now and I just started dating aunts
Malden and my girl
tarah who's been around since season 3
and has grown to be the leader of
hilltop and the final head say it ain't
so it's Henry he loved his stick and now
he gets to be with it forever too soon
I'm sorry this proves the old adage
don't fall in love on the walking dead
one of you is sure to die anyway some
time passes and they pull a game of
Thrones winter is coming we haven't seen
winter on The Walking Dead yeah and it's
pretty fun unfortunately even with the
fair the kingdom just can't hold
together and the kingdom finally Falls
Carroll is so broken up about Henry's
death that she breaks up with King
Ezekiel you know it's Andrea there's a
huge blizzard so they gotta let Nikken
out of his cell for warmth remember he
escaped earlier this season on his way
out Judith caught him and they have a
great relationship you're not gonna
shoot me Ken yeah I will he convinced
her to let him go and went for a bit of
a walk around but realize there's
nothing for him out here so just kinda
went back to his cell
by the way Alexandria has got a love
quadrangle going on remember Rosita is
dating father Gabriel now but she used
to be bangin Siddiq and he knocked her
up she's preggers meanwhile Eugene is in
love with her but she just thinks of him
as a friend
luckily the whole situation is pretty
drama-free because they're all very
mature about it except of course for
negan there's a very mature attitude
father not the father
anyway there's a problem with the
fireplace so they've got to move to a
different house
the blizzard so bad they're holding on
to the rope but Judith hears Daryl's dog
and runs off to save him and negan no
hesitation runs off to save her negan
may be a bad guy but he does really love
Judith and manages to rescue her and dog
negan Redemption arc anyone for the
kingdom exile to get through the
blizzard in time they had to cut through
the whisperers land
maybe they saw maybe they didn't but
either way alphas still out there and is
still crazy and evil and the season ends
with a radio broadcast after Ezekiel
walks away someone's reaching out to
them who's that find out on season 10
[Music]